Stop! Stop it!
Just stop it!
- Agh!
- No!
Shoot her! Shoot her!
Don't! Don't do it!
Brooke!
Wake the fuck up!
Here.
Take it.
Grace...
Calm down.
Stay the fuck away from us.
Everything's alright now, OK?
She lost it,
but she's fine now.
Everything's gonna be alright,
I promise you.
Agh!
No!
Let 'em go.
You're all monsters!
You're both the fucking same.
What have you done?
♪ Take a little walk
to the edge of town
♪ Go across the tracks
♪ Where the viaduct looms
like a bird of doom
♪ As it shifts and cracks
♪ Where secrets lie
in the border fires
♪ In the humming wires
♪ Hey, man, you know
you're never coming back
♪ Past the square,
past the bridge
♪ Past the mills,
past the stacks
♪ On a gathering storm
comes a tall handsome man
♪ In a dusty black coat
with a red right hand
♪ He'll wrap you in his
arms... ♪ - Alright, come on.
♪ Tell you that you've been
a good boy
♪ He'll rekindle all the dreams
♪ It took you a lifetime
to destroy... ♪ - Shut up.
♪ He'll reach deep in a hole
♪ Heal your shrinking soul... ♪
- Hey, come on.
♪ But there won't be
a single thing that you can do
♪ He's a god, he's a man,
he's a ghost, he's a guru
♪ They're whispering his name
♪ Through this disapearing
land...♪ - You all ready?
♪ But hidden in his coat
is a red right hand... ♪
Alpha Tango Charlie,
we have a southbound vehicle
approaching the 44 Lateral. Over.
Roger that, Delta Zero.
We have an eye in the sky
monitoring the 44 Lateral in the 3-3-12.
Hotel Zebra, we have
a northbound two-wheeler
approaching on the 23 Parallel
in Sector 1-1-38. Please confirm.
Roger that.
Fuck!
Come on, mate.
Come on.
Out you get.
Hey!
Open bunker door!
Ah, Rhys!
So...
what's on the menu?
We've got a male, early 20s.
Bit banged up.
Concussed, maybe.
Otherwise good condition.
- Bring him.
- Yes, sir.
On your feet.
Oh, yes.
Fantastic.
Excellent bone structure.
That's one hell of
a lovely skull.
- Get him inside.
- Yes, sir.
Good work, Rhys.
Well done.
You got him?
Right. Right.
Over there. Over here. Right.
So are we any closer
to the cure?
Yeah, of course we are.
The hybrid's been spotted,
and the brother.
Where?
Sector 8,
100 clicks to the north.
And what about these other two?
Who cares?
We want the freak.
The hybrid.
We get the girl.
You get to put a bullet in that
prick who killed your brother.
Ugh...
Cramp. Yeah.
Guess it's time for me to...
rehydrate.
- Yep.
- Off you go.
Ah, just over here.
Good luck out there, soldier.
Now, you bring her in alive.
Or you don't come knocking.
You get me?
Yeah.
Pack of wankers.
Close bunker door.
We shouldn't have bloody left.
She ripped
my fuckin' throat out, Maxi.
What the fuck
are you talking about?
Yeah, well whose fault
was that?
I'm not just gonna sit there and
watch her torture some guy to death.
- That guy was a soldier.
- She's sick.
And she's getting worse.
Her and her brother.
They've gone road crazy.
We can't trust 'em no more.
Uncle Benny trusted 'em.
Uncle Benny's dead.
Grace?
Fuck.
Here, open your mouth.
Here. Here, here.
Open, open!
You alright?
Here.
Let's get going.
Hi.
No! No, no, no, no, no!
Quiet!
Oh...
Access granted.
Well, well, well.
I told you never to bring
anybody in here while I'm working.
Turns out you were right,
Sergeant.
Looks like our Surgeon General
here's a bite-hider.
You fuck.
- Unholster your weapon.
- Yes, Colonel.
Walk over there.
- And blow his brains out.
- Yes, sir.
Just hang on a minute.
Just... Just wait!
You need to
hide your symptoms better.
Was that...
...really necessary?
You ever put me in a position
like that again...
...I'll put a bullet
through your fuckin' skull.
Yes, but then...
...where would you get
your medicine from, Colonel?
We're not going to make
our serum quota this month.
HQ's gonna start
asking questions.
Fuck HQ.
And besides,
once we get our hands on her...
...we won't have to
worry about that anymore.
Agh!
Wait! Wait, wait,
wait, wait, wait!
Jesus fucking Christ.
You're a hybrid.
What the fuck!
Open bunker door!
Fuck in" idiots.
It's a bit late
for a barrel drop, ain't it?
It's not your concern, champ.
Oi! Oi!
I need that fuckin' fuel
for the barrel drop,
you fuckin' idiots.
I need you right here,
Corporal.
Yes, sir.
What's the delivery?
Female. Early 20S.
She's a hybrid.
Go get her now.
- Yes, sir.
- Yes, Colonel.
Fuck! Christ!
Oh, shoot her fuckin' legs out.
Hey, hey, hey!
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
I can calm her down.
Keep her still.
Hold still, hold still.
Here you go, hon.
Here you go, here you go.
There you go. There you go.
Easy.
It's gonna be alright.
I promise.
- Get her inside.
- Yes, sir.
Oh, put it down,
you fuckin' idiot.
Oi. Oi!
I want to know
what goes on with this one.
If she's a key to the cure,
I wanna know.
You get in your truck.
You drop your barrels
like a good little soldier
and fuck off.
Close bunker door!
Oh, for fuck's...
Now I've run out of
fuckin' fuel, haven't I?
Ah, the fuck! Come on!
Come on, you fuck in'...
Here you go. Here you go.
There you go, mate.
Fuckin' eat!
Nuh. Fuckin'...
Come on, you fuck in" thing.
Hey? Come on!
Come on!
Come on, where are you,
you bastards?
Come on, come and get it!
Get some meat!
Come on,
ya stinkin' fuckin' animals!
Come and get it!
Alright. Here we go, hey?
Come on.
That's it. Come on, mate.
Nah, fuck this.
Stay still, ya fuckin' thing!
There ya go.
Come on, come on.
Yes!
I'll come back for you
tomorrow, mate.
Who goes there?
Hey, not on me,
you fuckin' peanut.
Jesus Christ.
I got barrels for ya.
Ha! Fuckin' cop that, ya cunts!
Fuck, yeah.
Fuckin' pussy.
You're an idiot.
G'day.
Is this one for the bunker?
That for the boys
in the bunker, is it?
Righto.
Barrels are in the back.
Yes, sir.
Dickhead.
Fuck.
Wait. Wait, wait, wait, wait!
- Wait, wait, wait, no, no, no!
- Hold still!
Not even gonna make it.
Fuckin' hell!
Fuck! Come on!
Hey! Hello!
Yes, yes, yes, look at this!
Hey? Come on, get it!
Fuck!
I want you to take a deep
breath in through your nose
and visualise
a stream of blue healing light
travelling deep
into your crown chakra.
This energy travels down into
your whole head...
...sacred healing...
Oh, fuck!
Fuck!
Let your entire being
be free from fear.
And completely at peace with
the universe.
Whoa, easy.
Easy, easy!
This is where you tell me
you're gonna help me
get my sister back.
Or I'll put this dart through
your fuckin' head.
Sure.
Who's your sister?
Me and you
are going for a drive.
You'll have to get that wound
looked at.
If you leave that you'll get
septicaemia and you'll die.
Yeah, right.
And all I have to do is
cut you loose, yeah?
Listen, I'm sure there's some
way we can work this out
where we can both
trust each other.
Listen, would you...
Would you mind taking your
finger off that trigger there?
Shut up and stitch.
I'm doing it.
Get your hands up.
- Hands up!
- They're up.
Fuckin' hell. God.
Start the engine.
Stop.
OK, off we go.
We have to open the gate.
Smash through it.
We'll bounce straight off and you're
gonna smash your face on the dashboard.
Nah, that's bullshit.
You just don't want to mess up
your nice little gate.
It's your call.
Do it.
Nice truck.
Not talking to me, huh?
Suit yourself.
What's that?
What does it look like?
They're pills.
Anti-viral pills.
It's how I stay alive up here.
Why have you got this?
'Cause they're terrorists.
They're killers.
Ain't that what you do?
No, that's not what I do.
I've seen the bodies.
You kidnap people
and you kill 'em!
We don't kill anybody.
- You got a package for us?
- Yeah.
It's the hybrid girl's sister.
No shit.
You've been a busy boy, Rhys.
Well played, mate.
- Go and get her.
- Yes, sir.
Fuck! Fuckin'...
Hey! Hey take it easy, mate.
She's a fuckin' kid.
Either way, this little prick's
gonna end up in a fuckin' barrel.
What'd you say, mate?
What'd he mean, "either way,
she ends up in a barrel"?
What the fuck does that mean?
It means get in your vehicle
and drive away, Corporal.
Get in your vehicle.
Drive away.
Righto.
Whoa.
What the fuck just happened?
Get in the truck.
Fuck!
Shit. Shit!
- Shit!
- Nitro activated.
Fuck's sakes.
Power priming.
- Come on! Prime! Fuckin' prime!
Methane low.
Replace power source.
Don't worry.
They don't have nitro.
You sure about that?
Fuckin' shit!!
Wakey-wakey!
Fuckin' get the dog!
- Got the nuts!
- Bulls eye!
How's that feel, slugger?
Doesn't feel too good,
does it, hey?
Fuckin' hurts.
See, traitors get the death
penalty around here, Corporal.
I reckon...
any man
who kicks another man
in the balls when he's down...
don't deserve
a soldier's death.
See, your brother,
he died with dignity.
Honour.
Like a real man.
But you're not a real man,
are ya, hey?
You're a dog.
You're a lowdown, dirty dog.
And you're gonna die
like a fuckin' dog.
You see these old boys,
creeping up?
They'll be here
in a couple of minutes.
And when they get here, they're
gonna eat you from the feet up.
First your feet.
Then your legs.
Your balls.
In that order.
Big tough guy like you.
You could still be alive
when they get to your guts.
You have a good one now, eh?
Well, well, well.
Look what
the cat's dragged in, eh?
Unless I'm mistaken
didn't we take care of
this piece of shit already?
That was my brother.
Your brother?
So twins?
Your brother, eh?
He was a fuckwit
who got exactly
what he deserved.
I'm gonna kill ya.
Nah, mate.
No, the only thing you're gonna
do is sit there and bleed
until I fuckin' say so!
You were the one that
crashed their rig on the road.
You gave Gracie to those
butchers in the bunker.
Then again...
Maxi also tells me
you saved her life.
Still, I don't know.
There's just
something about ya.
His face.
I hate this face!
That's it. The face.
The face is a real problem.
I just wanna rip it off
and eat the fuckin' thing.
What do you think, Maxi?
Is this guy a friend
or is he dog food?
Dog food.
What do you say, soldier boy?
You our friend
or do I bite your face off?
I'm a friend, yeah.
Definitely the friend.
How many men in there?
Five.
Two out front
and two with guns and a medic.
- And their hardware?
- Just the usual.
Steyrs, shotguns,
Glocks, grenades.
If we get the drop on them,
none of that'll matter.
We'll take 'em.
Oi.
You cut me loose,
I can guarantee that.
Bit of a nasty cough.
You a bit crook, are ya?
Looking for these?
What's in 'em?
I don't fuckin' know.
Give 'em to him.
Ah, fuck it.
Oh, you fuck!
How can you do it?
I didn't know.
What do you mean,
you didn't know?
I didn't know
they were killing them. I...
- Bullshit.
- You think I give a fuck what you think, love?
- Brooke...
- You knew!
You all good?
You reckon
you can get us in there?
Easy.
What the...?
- Intruders!
- We're under attack!
- We've been surrounded!
- Get down!
Friend of yours?
I picked him up
a couple of days ago.
Not far from here.
Now you know.
What do you do with them?
Down in the bunkers?
We grow a curative serum
inside them
and then extract it.
And this serum.
It cures people?
Not cures. Manages.
It's preventative.
Keeps the virus
from taking hold.
Listen, I have medical supplies
that could last you a year.
Hundreds of rounds
of ammunition.
Explosives. Grenades, mate.
Whatever you want.
Why the barrels?
You should know.
We grind 'em up
then convert them
to powder form.
Pills.
We make pills.
Oi!
Move and I'll
blow his fuckin' head off!
These...
fucks...
...they took my soul.
And so I am gonna go down
into that bunker with you
and we're gonna kill every last
one of those sons-of-bitches.
I gotta make this right.
Fuckin' A.
Colonel. You OK?
I'm fine.
You fine?
Go and check the perimeter!
Access granted.
Ah, Colonel!
Care for a toot?
No? No, no. Wait!
It's not that simple.
You just can't suck it out of
her like we do with the others.
That would be like
injecting rocket fuel.
We have a situation upstairs,
Colonel.
Well, fuck me.
It's taking too long.
Something's wrong.
No way. Give it time.
Here we go.
Come on!
Alright, here we go.
- Come on, get ready. Another one down.
- Suppress your fire!
Shit. Shit!
Rhys.
Go! Go, go, go, go!
Lima Papa Zulu,
we have a 187 on the 22.
Requesting a link-up, over.
Victor Kilo India, we have a
trapped RV in the 93 Parallel.
Requesting immediate choppers.
You take her. I got the brother
and the delivery boy.
Yeah. Yeah, agreed.
You start on her
before I get back...
..I'll fuckin' kill ya.
Oh, yeah?
Like you killed Rhys?
Well, forgive me if I'm
not trembling in my booties.
Whoa, what the fuck
is this shit?
Don't worry.
It's a cleansing agent.
It kills the virus.
What's it made out of?
Stay quiet.
They're coming down now.
She's alive.
Get that door open.
Fuck! Ow!
- What the fuck was that?
- Sorry.
Oh, fuck me.
Access denied.
OK.
G'day, boys.
Drop 'em.
Or I'll blow
her fuckin' head off.
All of 'em.
Now kick 'em over.
Good lads.
Hey!
Weak fuckin'... Ohh!
This the prick
who killed your brother?
Thought so.
Now, you see,
if some dirty bastard
killed my brother,
I'd make sure I'd do him
nice and slow.
Hello, toots!
Would you mind
if I cracked open your skull
and feasted
on the juice inside?
What are you up to, big guy?
Huh?
Don't you know that a bloke with
his guts hanging on the outside
should have enough sense
to fuckin' die!
Emergency power activated.
Agh!
1138, we just came from
Pill Factory 5B
and it's a fuckin'
slaughterhouse over there.
Did you guys have any trouble
in your sector today?
Get your arses
up here now!
Don't worry about me.
We need to get that door open.
Brooke, you OK?
Brooke?
Oh, shit, that's not good.
Wait, don't shoot her.
What the fuck do I do, then?
Get in! Quick!
Quick! Quick!
Fucking hell.
That cage door's
not gonna hold!
Give me a blood vial now.
- Shit.
- Come on!
Shit.
They're cracked.
- All of 'em!
- Oh, for...
Fuck!
So it's just blood
that calms her down, right?
That's right.
I think I have an idea.
Yeah, 'course you do.
Go!
Agh!
Get your sister out of here.
It's OK.
Help me up.
Fuck.
Get back!
You right?
You fuck!
Self-destruct sequence
initiated.
You have 30 seconds
to evacuate.
Get to the elevator.
Access denied.
Self-destruct sequence
initiated.
Access denied.
What the fuck!
You have
20 seconds to evacuate.
Self-destruct sequence
initiated.
What are you doing?
Get in. Now!
- Come on.
- No!
Wait. What about you?
Keep her safe.
You have 10 seconds
to evacuate.
Nine.
Eight.
Seven.
Six.
Five.
Four.
Three.
Two.
One.
Self-destruct initiated.
Goodbye.
Where's he taking Grace?
Search the place.
Find it.
Fuck!
What are we gonna do?
Oh, yes.
Hey! Hey.
Come on, mate.
Fuck!
Yes.
Look away.
Ah, fuck.
Here we go, mate.
Breakie time, come on.
Here you go.
There you go, mate. Go.
Yes!
Agh!
Hey. You.
Come and stick this up my nose.
Stick it up your nose?
Why?
Don't you fucking question why,
you dumb son-of-a-bitch!
You just take
this fucking cannula
and you stick it up my nose!
I'll do it.
OK, wait a minute.
Just don't be so fucking rough.
Just not too far!
I fucking knew it!
This guy's a bite-hider!
Agh!
Stay.
Ah, Rhys.
It actually does pain me
to see you like this.
And I really can't tell you...
...how much I'm gonna regret
killing you.
After all...
...owe you my life!
It was you, Rhys,
who kept me alive...
for a full year.
You were such
a good delivery boy.
Fuck you!
It's the darndest thing.
You know what I can smell,
Rhys?
Something I never, ever thought
I would smell on you, little man.
Brains.
I'm gonna crush your skull,
scoop out your brains
and eat them, delivery boy!
You take 'em.
And you keep taking 'em.
And you're gonna help us.
That's how you
get your soul back.